Indicate that create react app 4.0 has been released (#3356)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/blog/2020-09-22-introducing-the-new-jsx-transform.md

### Create React App {#create-react-app}

> Create React App support [has been added](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/pull/9645) and it is available in the [new v4.0 release](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/releases/tag/v4.0.0) which has been released recently.

Reviewer: We can just mirror the frameworks for the other statements:
```suggestion
Create React App [4.0.0](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/releases/tag/v4.0.0)+ uses the new transform for compatible React versions.
```
